Frank. are you there?
Where are you? I'm getting
worried about you. bud.
Frank. will you answer me already?
Where are you. old buddy?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Connie to Search and Rescue.
Go ahead. Connie. It's Maggie here.
Station just called.
Cell company got Chelsea's
phone about a kilometre
off the highway in the woods near 98.
We're close by. We'll head there now.
- Almost there. On the way.
- Okay.
I think I'll head back to the station
and get the ambulance in gear.
just in case medical
assistance is needed.
Just let us know what you
find when you get there.
Copy that.
Guess Frank got here first.
Yeah.
Frank?
Chelsea?!
Chelsea! Frank?
Chelsea!
Frank? Frank?!
Oh my God. Frank! Frank!
He's been shot!
Can you hear me?
Frank. we're here.
This isn't happening!
Um...
Frank. can you hear me?
- Frank... I'm here.
- Cal for Connie.
Connie. do you read me?
Go for Connie.
Frank has been shot. We need help.
Frank. it's me.
I'm here. It's Maggie.
Please. please stay with me.
What about Chelsea?
We found her phone. Otherwise.
there's no sign of her.
I think whoever did this must have her.
Hurry.
Okay. We're on our way.
Thready pulse.
Diminished chest sounds.
The wound's sucking air.
The bullet must have hit his lung.
We need to seal this
before he suffocates.
Okay. Okay. What can I do?
I need to make an occlusive dressing.
Do you have your wallet on you?
Uh. yeah.
Give me one of your plastic cards.
And I need to secure it.
Do you have first aid kit in the truck?
- Uh. yeah. I think so.
- Go! Go!
It's okay. Frank. Just hold on.
Okay.
Okay. that's all I have.
Give me some wipes.
Here.
Okay.
And then. I need strips of duct tape.
- That good?
- Yep.
That's it. One side needs to stay open.
so that the air can get
out. I just hope it'll hold.
Frank! Frank!
Can you breathe? Is it better now?
Let's roll him over.
- Lambda...
- What?
Lambda?
What's Lambda?
Kappa...
Lambda. Kappa?
I don't understand.
Those two guys at
Karaoke the other night.
they were wearing fraternity ball caps.
They invited us back to their cabin.
They said something about Route 17.
- Maggie? Cal?
- Route 17... Saul!
Frank! Frank!
Who did this?!
There were guys at the diner
the other night making trouble.
We think it was them.
How bad is it?
The bullet's grazed his lung.
I've got his breathing under control.
but he needs to get to a hospital.
Frankie... Frank.
Come on. stay with us. Hey. buddy? Hey.
What's his status?
Bullet punctured his left lung.
That's a sucking chest wound.
I've improvised a seal.
But he's bleeding lots.
I don't now how long it will hold.
No sign of tension pneumothorax yet.
- Got it.
- I'll go with him.
No. Sully. someone needs to
stay and tell Edna what happened.
- We're taking him to Regional.
- All right. ready?
Okay.
And up.
I've got his head.
Hey.
Hey. buddy. There we go.
Hey. hey.
Hey. How you doing. pal?
Yeah.
Tell Edna that I love her.
No. no. no. You're
gonna do that yourself.
Okay? All right.
Cal.
Where you going?
I don't have time to explain.
I'll see you back at the outpost.
I got her. Sully. I got her.
Okay. okay.
Okay. Okay.
Hey.
Stay with me. buddy.
Where are the Smiths?
They're inside.
Did you find Chelsea?
What is it?
It's Frank.
What about him?
I saw him. He's gonna be fine. Okay?
He's been shot.
What?!
No. Uh... I don't understand.
He's in an ambulance. on
the way Timberlake Regional.
- Okay?
- What? Who?
He was at the Baileys.
They think it's the people
who took Chelsea who did this.
Okay? I have to stay
here with the Smiths.
but Connie's sending somebody
to take you right to him.
- No. I... I gotta go. I gotta go! I gotta go!
- All right. sit down.
Let's sit down. Let's
sit down. Okay. come on.
Okay. stay with me.
- There we go.
- Okay.
- There you go.
It's gonna be fine.
He's okay?
He has to be.
Please let him be all right.
There's a Grey SUV.
It matches the description.
Looks like it's from out of town.
Cal for Search and Rescue.
I think we've found the SUV.
TOM Cal. it's Tom. Where are you?
We're at the cabins on Route 17.
On an SUV. Ontario plates
matching the description.
I'm on my way. You two sit tight
and call me if you see any
sign of the perps or Chelsea.
Copy that.
And whatever you do. don't engage.
- Understood?
- You got it.
That's one of the guys from the diner.
And that's Chelsea's backpack.
Looks like they're getting ready to go.
Maggie...
I'm not just gonna sit
here and watch them leave.
Maggie...
Okay. looks like we're gonna do this.
This isn't right. We should let her go.
She can tell everyone
what really happened.
It was an accident.
your gun just went off.
I've got a prior. I'm not going to jail.
I don't want any part of this.
If I go down. you go down!
- You answer that.
- What?
Not a single word.
Go get rid of whoever's outside.
Hey. Sorry to bother you.
My car just broke down
and I was hoping I
could borrow your phone.
Um... Don't you have a cell?
Battery died.
Oh.
It'll just take a minute.
Um. yeah. I. uh...
Hey. uh...
I saw you at karaoke. didn't I?
What?
The tequila shots. remember?
The gorgeous redhead?
Yeah. right.
You wanna show me that hot
tub you were talking about?
Um. I'll get my jumpers from the car.
and then I can give you a boost.
What did you do with Chelsea?
- She's inside.
- If you've hurt her...
Let him go!
It was an accident.
Shut up. Cliff!
Don't say anything!
Don't take another step!
What are you doing?!
You really going shoot me too?
Put the gun down.
Come on. you're not
gonna hurt anybody else.
Shut up! I'm not going to jail.
Darryl. just do what he says!
Be quiet! I gotta think.
You're only gonna make it worse. kid.
You still can make this
right. Darryl. right?
- Yeah.
- Maggie...
No. just look at me. Darryl.
Stop!
My name is Maggie Sullivan.
My mother is Phoebe.
My father Sully Sullivan; he
runs the campground around here.
Not another step!
- No. I know you're scared.
- Freeze!
But you're not a bad guy.
This was just a mistake.
- Right?
- It was an accident.
I didn't mean for the gun to go off.
What are you doing?!
No. just put the gun down. It's okay.
It's okay.
Hands above your head!
On the ground! Do it now!
- You're under arrest!
- Don't move! Don't move!
Do not resist! Give her your hands!
It's not my fault!
I thought I told you two to stay put.
- Please! I'm so sorry!
- Chelsea...
Chelsea?
Chelsea. oh!
I'm sorry. Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Are you hurt?
No. No.
I'm sorry.
No.
Watch your head.
I thought I told you to stay put.
What were you thinking?
There was no time to think.
Right.
Well. you'll both need
to come to the station.
give me your statements.
If it's okay with you.
Maggie would like to take
Chelsea back to her family first.
They're waiting for her at the outpost.
Fine.
Come on. let's get you
back to your family.
Yeah.
- Mom!
- Oh. Chelsea!
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
Baby. no.
All that matters is that you're safe.
Oh...
Oh. I'm sorry.
Come here. Come here.
We've missed you so much.
We were so worried about you.
I just want you to know.
I would never have
stopped looking for you.
I'll never do it again.
Never.
It's okay.
I love you so much. baby.
We love you so much.
Even your brother missed you.
We're so glad you're back.
- Thank you.
- Yep.
I can't believe they
wouldn't let me visit.
Frank's gonna think I didn't care.
No. It's hospital policy.
Family only. And I'm
sure he'll understand.
Frank is family.
Hey. did you get a
statement out of Frank?
He's not pressing charges.
What?
Said it was an accident.
wasn't racially motivated. so...
So. you're just gonna let these
guys get away with shooting him?
Of course not.
They're facing multiple charges.
We're just glad that
Frank and Chelsea are okay.
You should be.
I'm sorry?
I have no idea what you were thinking.
taking matters into
your own hands like that.
You not only risked your own life.
you could have cost Chelsea hers.
If it wasn't for for Maggie.
you wouldn't have found Chelsea.
You should be thanking
her. not insulting her!
Excuse me.
Let's go see Frank.
Jeez...
Sully. you good?
- Huh?
- You good?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Hey.
How's he doing?
Doctor said he was really lucky.
If you hadn't been there...
He's gonna be okay. When do you think
he's gonna get out of here?
Uh...
They've got him on some
pretty heavy medication.
But other than that.
everything looks good.
You think I'll be able
to take him home soon?
He'll need some time to recover still.
He's been sleeping a lot.
That's normal.
I'm not used to seeing him like this.
Oh. he's always been a tough one.
You'll see. Edna.
He'll be to his old self real soon.
When was the last
time you ate something?
I can't leave. What if he wakes up?
You won't be any help if you're sick.
Let's go to the cafeteria
and get some food.
I don't want him to be
alone. if something were to...
I'll be here.
No need to worry.
Okay.
Maybe for just a bit. But
if he wakes up. you call me.
Got it. Okay.
Yeah.
Brought your book.
You always wanted to be
the centre of attention.
You went a little too far
this time. don't you think?
You get all the rest
you need. ol' buddy.
I'm right here.
I need you back to your old self.
I can't do it without you. pal.
There you go.
- Hey. Roy.
- Oh. Sully.
Lola told me what happened with Frank.
How's he doing?
Thankfully. he is on the mend.
Oh. good.
- Hey. Sully.
- Hey.
- Maggie.
- Lola.
How are you feeling?
Well. the antibiotics they
gave me are pretty strong.
but they seem to be doing the trick.
Good.
I wanted to tell you how
grateful I am for all your help.
Thank you.
Oh. I'm just glad to
see you feeling better.
I'd be happy to come check in
on you later. if you'd like.
No need. I've got everything
under control. Thanks.
Let's get you home. Granddad.
- See you later?
- Mm.
Bye.
I gotta get back to the shop.
Lord knows what Jackson's getting into.
- Hey.
How's Frank?
Doctors say he's gonna
make a complete recovery.
Wouldn't be the same here without him.
Yeah. neither would Sully.
Ain't that the truth.
What can I get you?
Uh. anything to erase
the memory of bad hospital food.
How about an open-face
hot turkey sandwich?
- With fries?
- You got it.
Okay.
Hey. that's on the house. by the way.
Oh. you don't have to do that.
Least I can do after
your recent heroics.
Not everyone seems to
share your sentiment.
What's up?
I ran into Tom at the hospital
and he was pretty angry
at me for interfering.
That's Tom. straight-and-narrow.
by-the-books kind of guy.
It's why him and
Connie are splitting up.
I didn't know they were together.
Yeah. They've been married a long time.
but she decided that
they're no longer a good fit.
He's been miserable ever since.
Oh. well. maybe that's why he
was so testy at the hospital.
Mm-hmm.
Hey. where's Sydney?
She's at the baseball
tournament with Finn.
My boy better hit me a homerun!
Let me get that sandwich.
Thank you.
Hey. babe.
I was beginning to worry.
I left you messages.
you never called back.
Yeah. things have
gotten really busy here.
You know how it goes. right?
Um. I actually want to
tell you what happened here.
Yeah. I'm coming. I'm
coming. Give me a sec.
Honey. I gotta go. I got
a pancreaticoduodenectomy
- I gotta get done.
- Really? A Whipple?
I'll call you later.
okay? I love you. bye.
- Hey. Maggie.
- Hey.
Sully asked me to come help out.
Great. thanks.
And Edna told me to remind you
to use a calculator when you cash out.
Yeah. I messed up once last
week and she won't let me forget.
Uh. also. I heard that
your parents are separating.
It's gotta be hard. You doing okay?
Yeah. um. I'm kind
of figuring out how to
split my time between them.
Mm.
I guess it was different for you.
Yeah. when my parents divorced
I didn't hear much from Sully.
Didn't you visit him?
I tried. Yeah. once.
Um. high school summer
vacation I came back.
but it... it didn't go well. so I left.
Oh. um. I... I have to sign some
guests up for climbing lessons.
Are you good?
Good.
Okay. Thanks.
Hey.
Hey there. stranger.
I haven't seen you in a few days.
I was beginning to worry
that maybe you'd left.
Yeah. Nah. After our little adventure.
I just needed a little time to myself.
Yeah.
How about you? How you doing?
I normally love an adrenaline rush.
but that was a lot. even for me.
I'm just...
I'm glad you were there.
Thank you.
I gotta say. I have to hand it to you.
You were. uh...
Pretty incredible.
Doctor Sullivan.
Well. you had some pretty
slick moves there yourself.
Wasn't expecting that.
Yeah. I mean. spent six
months on the wrestling team.
Guess it finally paid off.
Mm.
Fridge broken?
Uh. yeah. and apparently Sully
won't let Edna buy a new one.
You want me to take a look at it?
Didn't realize you had a degree
in antique appliance repair.
Well. I guess there's a lot
we don't know about each other.
Mm-hm.
All right.
Hey. I'm Jackson Canaday.
The climbing instructor.
Heard you were looking
to sign up for lessons.
Hey. Nathan. It's good to meet you.
For my son. Caleb. you wanna come out?
Uh. for some reason my son has developed
a fear of heights recently.
Thought maybe this would be a
good way to get him over that.
Right. Caleb?
- Nice to meet you.
- Yeah.
Uh. I just need you to sign this waiver.
You sure this is safe?
Oh. yeah. It's standard.
Nothing to worry about.
Heights just make me
really anxious lately.
No one falls on my climbs.
You sound pretty confident.
Yeah. I've been doing this a long time.
So. you're fully certified. right?
Oh. yeah. Definitely.
And I've worked with a
lot of nervous climbers.
Well. it looks like
I'm in good hands. then.
Great. Just come up to the
Outpost when you're ready.
- Okay. Bye.
- Yeah.
- Thank for taking him on.
It's going to be good for you.
You're right.
And then. reconnect the
three-in-one inlay starter.
Done.
Making sure to clean the lead first.
Oops.
All right. now. Let's see if it worked.
- You wanna plug it in and pray for the best?
- Of course.
All right. And?
There!
That might just be the
most satisfying surgery yet.
Still. you were good.
Hi.
Can I help you?
Uh. hi. Yeah. I was just curious
what you've got here for fishing gear.
Uh. well. what are you hoping to catch?
Rainbow trout. if I'm lucky.
All right. well. you're going
to want some scented bait
and floater hooks that
stay close to the surface.
Uh. thanks very much.
Probably going to be my son's
last healthy meal for a while.
Wouldn't be surprised
to find out it's nothing
but greasy burgers at the
dorm cafeteria come fall.
- I remember those days.
- Thanks again.
Good luck.
Probably going to need it.
You're an expert angler. too.
No. um...
Sully used to take me out
a lot when I was younger.
How long's it been since you've gone?
Give or take about 15 years.
You know I could really go
for a day out on the water.
How about you?
I have to stay and
help out at the store.
Sully's a little shorthanded
with Edna at the hospital.
Yeah. no. Of course. Um...
Another time then.
See ya.
Bye.
Sullivan's Crossing.
No. I'm sorry. He's not here right now.
Can I take a message?
Okay. I will let him know.
Thank you. Bye.
Hey. You just missed a call.
Oh?
What's wrong with the fridge?
I don't hear that
wheezing sound anymore.
Well. Cal and I operated on it.
Wow. Well. if that's the case.
I've got a busted lawn mower
out back needs some attention.
Uh. Mr. Blake called.
He needs to pull up your meeting.
Was hoping you could come in today.
Who's Mr. Blake?
None of your business. that's who.
I see you've been banking
with us for quite some time.
Over 40 years.
And you've got a pretty big loan.
with outstanding payments.
We. uh... We're expecting
our best season ever.
Okay? And. uh. I just need
another extension. so...
I know things have been tough lately.
especially for small
businesses such as yours.
but the bank can only do so much.
I'm going to need you to
make good on your payments.
or I'm afraid we'll
be forced to foreclose.
Sullivan's Crossing has been
in my family for generations.
You can't just sit there
and threaten to take my campground.
I'm afraid you're not leaving us
any other options. Mr. Sullivan.
Have you thought of selling?
I can put you in touch with
a few people who I know...
I am not going to sit here
and listen to this nonsense.
I can give you 'til
the end of next month.
but I'm afraid that's the best I can do.
Hey. honey. Sorry. I was
just about to call you.
How's the Whipple go?
Uh. good. Really great.
actually. but I'm being. uh...
I'm being pulled into a
ventral hernia right now.
- Can I call you later?
- Sure.
Why don't we... Let's do something.
Like. a virtual dinner date tonight.
You can tell me everything
that's going on with you.
- It'll be fun.
- Sounds good.
Okay.
Thought you weren't coming.
Well. Sully came back in a
worse mood than when he left.
So. I figured fishing
with you is a safer option.
I wouldn't be so sure about that.
It's all in the wrist.
It's hard to believe you
haven't done this in 15 years.
I guess it's in the genes.
I guess so.
Now. you're turn.
All right. here goes something.
I am so sorry!
I thought you said you'd fished before.
I never said I was any good at it.
You have to pull the bail
arm back before you cast.
Ah.
Okay. Um...
So. you have to hold
this down with one finger.
And then. you flip the bail arm
and you release it as you catch.
Okay. Protect yourself.
- Better!
- Woo-hoo-hoo!
You didn't almost take
my eye out with that one.
Calamity.
Hey. Sully.
Hi. did you get Roy home all right?
Mm-hm.
Everything okay?
No.
Just. between my school and my work.
I think Grandad needs in-home care.
His insurance barely
covers his daily visits
and the doctor said that I have
to install handrails for him.
and I just...
I'm honestly just feeling
really overwhelmed with
everything that's going
on. and I thought...
Sully. No.
- I can't take that.
- Here. take it. Yes. yes. yes.
No. No. no. I don't want that.
I'm doing fine. I want you to have it.
That's not what I came here for...
It's okay. It's okay.
Thank you.
- It's okay.
- Thank you. Sully.
All right. you're a good girl.
Go take care of him. okay?
Okay. Thank you.
It's so quiet out here.
It almost makes me forget
how much I miss the city.
Ooh! Ooh!
Uh-oh.
Oh. I think you got a big one.
Oh!
All right. come on.
Pull it in. pull it in.
Oop!
Come on.
You get it?
There we go!
There... Oh. my goodness.
Oh. she's a big one.
I got her.
- Here.
- All right.
Walk me back. Walk me back.
Phew.
Big one.
Ah.
You okay?
Yeah.
Wait. let me have a look.
It's not too deep. One sec.
All right.
I think you're going to be okay.
- You sure?
- Uh-huh.
I don't think you need any stitches.
What's that?
Liquid bandage.
Liquid?
Uh. I should probably be heading back.
You know. I have a crazy thought.
Mm-hm?
Why don't I grill
this bad boy up for us?
It'll be a fair trade for the lesson.
Uh...
Yeah. why not?
I'll just go home and freshen up quick.
Meet me at my cabin in an hour?
Okay.
Make sure to keep your wound clean.
You got it.
Hi. You hungry? I can
make you a sandwich.
Actually. I have dinner plans tonight.
Oh.
Mm-hm.
Huh.
Thanks for watching the store today.
Yeah. no problem.
Weren't too many customers anyway.
Is that normal?
Well. it's the beginning of the season.
It's bound to pick up.
Yeah.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm just... I just
have a bit of a headache
and I'm really tired.
He's going to be okay. Sully.
- Hm?
- Frank. He's going to be okay.
It must have been hard for
you. seeing him like that.
I know how close you two are.
You know. it...
It might be a good
idea to talk to somebody
about how you're feeling.
Lay on some couch.
Open up to a stranger.
Couldn't hurt.
Well. like I said. I'm just...
I'm just really tired.
I wanted to thank you
for standing up for me
at the hospital today.
Eh. Tom was out of line.
That meant a lot to me.
You're welcome.
All right. I'll see you in the morning.
Hello?
Hi. Maggie. It's Scott Mehan.
The deposition has been scheduled for
a couple of weeks from now.
Their lawyer's tough.
We'll need to make sure you're prepared.
This could get bumpy.
Okay.
Bye.
Hey!
Hey. Mm. smells good.
It'll be ready in just a few minutes.
Can I get you something to drink?
- Yes. please.
- White wine okay?
- Sure.
- You got it.
Here you go.
Thanks.
Nothing but the finest.
Okay. There we go.
♪ The moment comes and goes so fast ♪
♪ The things you think
you thought you knew ♪
♪ Were only ever wrong ♪
- You look worried.
- I am.
Did Sully mention
something about a lawsuit?
He tell you what it was about?
No.
The mother of one of my
patients is blaming me
for the death of her son.
It's pretty common.
Actually. it's one of
the downsides of being a neurosurgeon.
It's just. um. it's my first one.
♪ Can't take the weight no more ♪
First litigation can be really scary.
You sound like a lawyer.
It's because I am.
♪ I don't know where I'm going ♪
I had no idea.
The clothes throw you off?
A little.
What kind of lawyer?
Defense attorney.
Really?
Yeah.
All right. so. what brings you out here
to Sullivan's Crossing then?
Just needed to sort
through a few things.
Thought coming out here might help
give me a little perspective.
Mm.
It's a good place for that.
Now. come on. How are you planning on
preparing for this deposition?
Virtually. with my attorney.
I guess. I don't know.
Really something you
should do in person.
You know. face to face.
Okay. look. I can't offer
you any legal advice.
but I can help you prepare for
the type of questions they'll ask.
If you like.
That'd be great. Thank you.
Mm. Here we go.
All right.
Maggie's Voicemail: Hi.
you've reached my cell.
Please. leave a message.
Maggie. what happened
to our date? Call me.
Well. I'm really impressed. Calico.
That might be the greatest
grilled trout I've ever had.
Well. I'm glad to hear I'm a better cook
than I am a fisherman.
Yeah.
I love this song.
♪ Stormy nights don't stay ♪
Cal? Cal?
♪ From the moment that we met ♪
Sorry. I'm just. um...
I think I'm just tired.
Mind if we call it a night?
Sure. yeah. Um...
You okay?
Yeah.
All right. Thanks for dinner.
Mr. Phillips. Hey. it's
Sully Sullivan again
from Sullivan's Crossing campground.
Listen. I want to talk
to you about opening up
a line of credit at the bank.
So when you get this message.
if you could call me back.
I'd appreciate it. You have my number.
Thanks.
There's nothing I can say
that's gonna bring her back.
Maggie and I are just friends. Roy.
Are you sure?
This is where she belongs.
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm